azurerm_container_app - Add support for cooldown Period (#29426)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/container_app.html.markdown

* `min_replicas` - The minimum number of replicas for this container.

* `cooldown_period_in_seconds` - (Optional) The number of seconds to wait before scaling down the number of instances again. Defaults to `300`.

> * `polling_interval_in_seconds` - (Optional) The interval in seconds used for polling KEDA. Defaults to `30`.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding `(Optional)` and `Defaults to` to the resource doc, however for the data source doc, we don't add these as they're read-only and accept no user input

```suggestion
* `cooldown_period_in_seconds` - The number of seconds to wait before scaling down the number of instances again.

* `polling_interval_in_seconds` - The interval in seconds used for polling KEDA.
```
